.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/BUG.md, before:

### Expected behavior
- 
- 
- 

### Actual behavior
- 
- 
- 

### Steps to reproduce the problem

  1.
  1.
  1.
  1.
  1.

### Error messages you received (if any)
- 
- 
- 

### Screenshots (if applicable)
- 
- 
- 

### Specifications

  - Hardware specifications of the computer or device you used to run Project64
    - CPU
	- GPU
	- RAM

  - Windows version (include version and OS build number using WinVer):
  - Project64 version (include commit version number and whether you are using the 32-bit or 64-bit version):

### Please make sure you are using the inlcuded plugins before opening an issue:

- [ ] I can confirm I am on the default RSP, audio, input, and graphics plugins

### Plugins used while the issue occurred:

  - Graphics plugin (and HLE or LLE):
  - Audio plugin:
  - Input plugin:
  - RSP plugin:

### FAQ's and a warning:

  - If you are having issues with a plugin that isn't included with and supported by the Project64 team, we cannot support you other then pointing you to the developer of those plugins.
  - Please join the Discord first and ask questions and ask for support there first. If the issue should require an open GitHub issue, somebody will ask you to open one. We have a lot of people in the Discord who are more then happy to help you with any issues you may be having!
  - Please avoid opening issues if you do not meet the minimum requirements for Project64. These are outlined in the README for this repository.

Commit message:

Add missing header that connects the templates to the issue system (#2203)
* Rename BUG.md to BUG.yml

* Update issue templates

* Update issue templates

* Rename BUG.yml to bug_report.md

* Update issue templates

* Update bug_report.md

* Update bug_report.md

* Update FEATURE.md

* Update and rename bug_report.md to BUG.md

* Update FEATURE.md

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/BUG.md, after:

---
name: Bug report
about: If you experience a bug in the Emulator and its default plugins, please open an issue here and fill out the template.
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

### Expected behavior
- 
- 
- 

### Actual behavior
- 
- 
- 

### Steps to reproduce the problem

  1.
  1.
  1.
  1.
  1.

### Error messages you received (if any)
- 
- 
- 

### Screenshots (if applicable)
- 
- 
- 

### Specifications

  - Hardware specifications of the computer or device you used to run Project64
    - CPU
	- GPU
	- RAM

  - Windows version (include version and OS build number using WinVer):
  - Project64 version (include commit version number and whether you are using the 32-bit or 64-bit version):

### Please make sure you are using the inlcuded plugins before opening an issue:

- [ ] I can confirm I am on the default RSP, audio, input, and graphics plugins

### Plugins used while the issue occurred:

  - Graphics plugin (and HLE or LLE):
  - Audio plugin:
  - Input plugin:
  - RSP plugin:

### FAQ's and a warning:

  - If you are having issues with a plugin that isn't included with and supported by the Project64 team, we cannot support you other then pointing you to the developer of those plugins.
  - Please join the Discord first and ask questions and ask for support there first. If the issue should require an open GitHub issue, somebody will ask you to open one. We have a lot of people in the Discord who are more then happy to help you with any issues you may be having!
  - Please avoid opening issues if you do not meet the minimum requirements for Project64. These are outlined in the README for this repository.
